To do before publishing:
4. Change colors of layouts to nicer colors
5. Add padding below contact form in all pages but the contact.html page
6. Fix button style after pressed
14. Change fonts - Montserrat - make sure all fonts have been updated (this includes colors)
16. Fix intro "Welcome to Mrao Media" Message
18. Add Drone specific page - maybe just portfolio?
  - Obtain Drone icon
  - Figure out page style
  - Create a 365 view in Galaxy park? Or some cool place along edgewater?

Currently working on: 
2. Finalize header format for portfolio, contact, and aftt pages
  - Update the text of the navbar links
  - Fix the placement of the mrao media logo in the home page, it should match its location in the other pages. Right now it is too centered compared to its location in the rest of the pages. 
4. Create a Services page
  - Finish adding all the photos for the slidehow showing our services/team
6. Create a separate About section that contains:
  - Include link to Sabrina's youtube page
  - Include link to Sabrina's CNBC portfolio
  - Fix text section
  - Add the cool Telluride GoPro video in the About page (centered maybe) - ask Sabrina for it
7. Add to Portfolio section
  - Add in Sabrina's CNBC portfolio somehow .. can you embed videos from CNBC??? No but you can embed them from CNBC's youtube account! Might as well right?
  - Create another filter specifically for CNBC work?
  - Add in Dating during a pandemic
  - Add in Along for the Telluride (as a feature film and within the filtered grid like in the example website)
  - Add in recent work with FBCLG and Jandra's latest performance

To do list:
1. Why do the embedded youtube video thumbnails in latest work section look so blurry? FIX IT
2. Figure out how to make embedded youtube videos in the latest work section wider in mobile view
3. DONE - Change colors of buttons to mrao media colors
4. Change colors of layouts to nicer colors
5. DONE - Bring in Mrao Media image logo to all necessary pages
6. DONE - Bring in photos of Mrao Media
7. Assign it the wordpress domain - mraomedia.com
9. DONE - Copy content over from /alongforthetelluride to the new site
10. Make sure all pages are user friendly via mobile screen
11. IN PROGRESS - Create a Services page
13. DONE - Introduce a cool video style section that showcases a piece of nice landscape video work by Sabrina in at least the Services page, like the site we're basing this off of (AFTT has a good montage to use)
14. Change fonts - Montserrat might be a good one - its the one in the website demo
15. Change mobile view to only include default mail application submit button for contact forms
16. Fix intro "Welcome to Mrao Media" Message
17. Fix headers
18. IN PROGRESS - Add to Portfolio section
19. IN PROGRESS - Create a separate About section that contains all the About Mrao Media photos
20. DONE - Bring in a summary of all important items in index.html - about Sabrina, services offered, latest projects, and contact form
21. Fix the footer icons - why does hovering over the social media icons make a small line appear to the right
22. Add and spruce up Drone page

Future State:
1. Add animation for filtering through videos in portfolio page
2. Incorporate drone videography into portfolio
3. Increase/Configure sizes of photos in alongforthetelluride section
4. Add a dropdown list for navigation menu when screen gets too small
5. Add a photo to the contact form section
6. Add a Contact Us button above the index.html intro video
7. Widen the intro/index video so that there is no black on either side of the youtube player
8. Can we add videos in place of the photos for the services? e.g. a drone videography reel for drone videography service

References:
https://www.nj-drone.com/drone-home-nj
https://websitedemos.net/video-editor-04/services/?customize=template
https://mraomedia.com/
